there was a lesson that every Internet
user has to learn sooner or later I've
been deceived
look before you click and now the ways
we've all learned this lesson have
changed a lot over the years for the
late comers they basically learn this
lesson through things like Rick rolls
and in the Windows XP days you basically
just clicked the wrong link and got a
ton of viruses
screamer's that was another one but the
classic way to learn this lesson is
through a schock site your friend sends
you a link on a mo check out this funny
website and you click it and it's not a
funny website it's something totally
nasty and not at all what you were
expecting and there's been a lot of
those throughout beers but before meat
spin before tub girl for lemon party
there was one site that set the standard
and that's why today I'm going to tell
you the story of the great granddaddy of
them all this is the legend of Goat see
[Music]
this video is sponsored by Nordby pn if
you're the kind of person that
investigates the history of famous giant
gaping [__] you might not want there
to be a record of it having happen and
when you're connected to Nord VPN
servers no logs are saved of your
browsing activity additionally because
Nord VPN servers are located all around
the world you can have access to region
lock content by appearing to be in
another country an increasingly needed
thing in a world where censorship laws
are going crazy in different countries
plus their encryption can keep your data
safely connects to the shady public
Wi-Fi just go to Nord VPN comm slash
Lang for 75% off a three-year deal and
use code Wang for an extra month goatse
is probably the most famous shocked
website to have ever existed on the
internet and probably the first one that
you remember on the off chance that you
don't know what goatse dot CX was though
basically you click the link and you
were treated to the site of a guy bent
over with his hands dug way into his ass
stretching it as wide as you could
imagine wider than thought humanly
possible obviously I can't show this to
you on YouTube what I can show you is
some of the many references people made
to it
the site also contained another pic
nicknamed the giver which depicted a guy
with a giant [__] but that image was
nowhere near as famous as the receiver
probably because once you clicked on
Goat CCX you didn't really stick around
that long the way most people came
across the website was basically like a
prank like a rick roll where your
friends sends you a link and aim a
message board email and you click on and
then bam there's a [__] giant [__]
in your face so let's go to the
beginning of goatse the site began in
1999 with just the basic giver and
receiver images and a counter of how
many people have visited the website in
just a few months the site had received
over 300,000 views which was absolutely
ridiculous for the time however the
counter was eventually reset possibly
accidentally and then deleted altogether
and from that point on goatse would
undergo occasional updates at one point
both pictures were removed and the site
merely read what are you doing here
although I can't be a hundred percent
certain I think that that update might
have signaled the beginning of their
ongoing legal troubles and GoSee did
eventually inspire legislation relating
to misleading links online u.s. code two
two five to see misleading words are
digital images on the Internet in
general whoever knowingly embeds words
or digital images into the source code
of a web site with the intent to deceive
a person into viewing material
constituting obscenity shall be fine
under this title and imprisoned for not
more than 10 years whether or not legal
threats had anything to do with the
images being removed they were shortly
returned but now with a disclaimer this
site contains content that may be
offensive to some audiences and is
certainly intended for a mature audience
not to mention one with a good sense of
humor for this reason the main teeners
of this site would like to request that
discretion and common sense
please be used in sharing the link to
this site especially in the case of
posting to a public forum that may be
available to minor audiences finally the
maintainer x' cannot for obvious reasons
be responsible for the actions of third
parties and this disclaimer was quickly
to a much less professional sounding won
the gold seed CX lawyer has informed us
that we need a warning so if you are
under the age of 18 or find this
photograph offensive please don't look
at it thank you
of course by the time you've read this
disclaimer you already got a face full
of [__] as the site's reputation grew
it also began to aggregate links to
other websites in particularly urinal
poop comm which I covered previously on
the channel and dolphin sex torque which
I plan on possibly eventually covering
in 2003 the site was once again updated
this time with the promise of merch
important note there are many
merchandising attempts for goat seed CX
around the web none of them are real
none of them are official did not buy
this gimmick merge Knights the official
gold seed CX merchandise is coming soon
this promise however would go on
fulfilled as goat seed CX was removed
from the internet in January of 2004 you
see that CX web sites belong to an
Australian territory named Christmas
Island and it was a resident busybody of
Christmas Island named runs a Clarke who
went through the trouble of filing a
formal complaint to get goat CCX taken
down her litany of grievances included
numerous posts with embedded links to
internet forums and news groups which do
not contain warnings of adult or obscene
contents I can watch United Nations
internet forum among others links to
unlawful obscene content site which
describes how to have sex with dolphins
a representative of the Christmas Island
internet administration Garth Miller
quickly reviewed the complaint I
appreciate that the Christmas Island
community takes immense pride in its
natural beauty of which the spinning
dolphins are an important part and note
that the links to the dolphin sex
website would have been a highly
offensive to the users of the IT Center
particularly children as the link
clearly constitutes a breach of the
spirit and letter of the Terms of Use
which prohibits communication
publication or distribution either
directly or by way of embedded links
of images or materials where that
communication publication or
distribution would constitute a criminal
offense as you will note from the
attached nation master article gold CCX
is a well-known shock site which is
intended one can assume to be humorous
although we have received numerous
informal complaints most have raised
objections to the images although the
images could generally be considered to
be are offensive and crude they do not
represent child or other forms of
illegal pornography by internet
standards the imagery
although intentionally offensive is
relatively tame in other words Garth has
seen some [__] the intentional boasting
of embedded links without useful
disclaimer to a site which contains
obscene or adult content is a violation
of the CII AAUP
in terms of use of our network generally
CI ia prefers to work with registrants
to cure minor breaches which may have
occurred or which they may not be aware
of registrants are generally given an
opportunity to cure a breach before a
final decision on an AUP complaint is
made in the case of gold CCX which
contains only two prominent links at the
bottom of the site one of which is to
the dolphin sex site it is hard to
fathom that the registrant was not aware
that this would not constitute a
violation of the AUP
as noted in the attached article gold
seed CX is not a passive website and
home page or the light but one of the
Internet's more popular Schock sites it
is common practice for many internet
trolls and third parties to embed a
hidden links to the site there's
compelling anecdotal evidence to suggest
that most viewers that the site are in
some way tricked interviewing it and
there can be no doubt that the object of
site is to offend its viewers many of
which may be minors the registrant
provides advice that he has received
legal advice which has recommended he
placed a warning on his site yet this
warning appears directly above an a
clear view of an image he himself
suggests legally requires disclaimer
this being the case I have asked Brad to
suspend the site immediately pending
further review and no
application of the registrants there
could be no doubt that will be viewed by
some as censorship and a restriction of
freedom of speech however the board has
specifically drafted policies which
gives CII a latitude to act in the
absence of a court order when there is
compelling public interest in doing so
prevent the spread and publication of
child pornography or other unlawful
activity the freedom of speech does not
extend to use of our community own
Network to facilitate unlawful activity
or to intentionally areass or offend
Internet users so despite the fact that
goats EDX couldn't control how other
people were using their website they
were still banned at this point gold C
dot C X was replaced by a message from
the Council of country code
administrators or caca
so gold C dot C X was gone but it's
legend had already been cemented and
what of the picture itself a giant
spread [__] doesn't just manifest
itself through the power of the internet
alone it had to come from somewhere and
it was encyclopedia dramatica that broke
the story of the goat Siemens identity
one very persistent Internet's users
spent months and months trawling all the
gay erotica and anal stretching news
groups and eventually located the star
of this picture by matching the pattern
of moles on his ass it is with many
loans that Edie advises the world that
the goat C guy is real name is Kirk
Johnson and he posts pictures and videos
of himself regularly on the news group
alt that binaries erotica mail anal the
original gold C picture is part of a
series of many more images that was
originally uploaded in 1997 the pictures
made their way through news groups
message boards and eventually style
project.com before reaching legendary
status on goats ECX and throughout the
years there have been many death hoaxes
about Kirk Johnson beginning with a post
on something awful calm alleging that he
died from shoving a volleyball up his
ass however he's definitely alive at
least as of two years ago keeping an
active online presence posting to his
channels on porn
in other websites and like Kirk Johnson
himself gold CCX wasn't quite done yet
after Kaka had released the URL back
into circulation it had changed hands
many times mostly through speculators
who realized that there was a lot of
money to be made by having a very famous
website but nothing was actually done
with it until 2010 when goat zzx was set
to become an email provider that's right
you too could have your very own at
goats EDX email address and in 2012 an
IndieGoGo campaign was launched for the
service the campaign raised over 20
grand but unfortunately it never
actually came to fruition two years
later another video would be released
this time with the promise of goats EDX
subdomains hi everyone I'm Kirk Johnson
attorney-at-law two goats ECX I just got
out of a meeting with the goat seaboard
and I have some very important news to
share with you goat sea is about to
undergo its most radical transformation
yet we're making the goat CCX domain
available to everyone soon you'll be
able to have your very own goat seed CX
subdomain to host whatever you want you
really can use your sub domain however
you like you can start a web page to
host your favorite images or host a blog
with tumblr or WordPress or run an IRC
server you can even host your resume to
take your career to a new level but why
stop there you could make your goatse
subdomain your new corporate presence
the only limits are your imagination and
the law if you want to be informed when
goatse sub-domains launches leave your
email in the box below as of now it
seems like that hasn't materialized
either which is a damn shame because I
would love to have wank goats egx and in
another video that's been deleted and I
couldn't seem to dig up the goats eloia
returned this time to promote dogecoin
and also announced a coming
cryptocurrency known as goats
but like all the other projects in the
past it seems like goatse coin never
actually materialized either and this
brings us to the present day if you
visit gold CCX now you'll be greeted by
a mostly gray screen with a few small
images one of them being my logo for
some reason apparently now you could buy
pixels on goatse dots yx4 aetherium and
put whatever images you want there so
thank you whoever bought ads space on
goatse dot ZX for me i feel like you've
reached out to me at some point it told
me you did it but i don't remember who
it was you're probably watching this
video so please remind me and
considering that whoever it is that
actually owns gold c dot CX seems to
keep on trying to make more and more
projects i don't think that this is the
last we've heard of that site but as of
now that's it for the goatse story if
you like this video you will probably
you will definitely also like my video
about do girls one cup I'm outta here
[Music]